C1. git status 
    Explanation: to check which file is in which stage.
                              git stages 1.Untracked
                                           explanation-"new created files, which have not yet moved to staging Stage, since git will consider those files as new even after further                                                          modification in them  until they are  moved to staging Stage"
                                         2.Tracked(changes not to be committed)
                                           explanation-"It will have those files which have  modified after moving them to staging Stage"
                                         3.Staging(changes to be committed)
                                           explanation-"It will all *untracked and *tracked files which have been added through 'git add file_name'"
C2. git add
    Explanation: to add the files to staging Stage from tracked and untracked stages (you will have to mention the file name which you want to move to staging stage, for all files '                 git add *')
C3. git commit -m "message"
    Explanation: to commit all the files present in tracked and staging Stage, committing a file means to save changes you have made, though you can further make changes into commit                 ted file, but now the modified file will come in tracked stage until you do git add again for that particular file. here msg is to describe what changes you have ma                 de or what the file which you are going to commit is about. Note- you can't commit files without adding(moving)it to staging Stage.
C4. git push origin branch_name
    Explanation: to push the commited files to specific branch.
C5. git log
    Explanation: to 
C6. git show commit_id
    Explanation: to go through details for that particular commit id i.e what changes we have done since the file is created
C7. git checkout -b branch_name
    Explanation: to create a new branch
C8. git checkout branch_name
    Explanation: to switch to an existing branch
C9. git branch --all
    Explanation: to show all the git branches available for a particular repository
C10.git clean -d -f
    Explanation: to clean unnecessary files like .class files which don't get committed, they are also known as build files.

